@page lsg Live Style Guide
@group baseline-elements Baseline Elements
@description Welcome to the home page.

@body

#### Adding more pages

Add new `.md` or `.less` files to the `./lsg/` directory using Finder, Terminal, or your favorite code editor.

When new files are added to the `./lsg/` directory, they will be detected, and the Live Style Guide will be generated.

As you make changes to files in the `./lsg/` directory, the Live Style Guide will continuously be generated until the lastest change has been incorporated.

#### Quick Edit Current Page

If you are viewing a generated page in the Document Browser, you can "quick edit" the file that maps to that page by clicking the icon in the Document Browser taskbar that looks like a down arrow.

Try it now and edit this home page!

#### About the Terminal

The terminal shows you the output of the commands that the are being run as you change files.

This lets you know when generation is in progress, or if there are any errors with your files.

The terminal also has links that, when clicked, run the corresponding `npm` script command.

The default `npm` scripts for the Live Style Guide starter are:

```json
  "scripts": {
    "generate": "bit-docs -d",
    "clean-dest": "rm -rf ${npm_package_bit_docs_dest:-./doc}",
    "cache-bust": "rm -rf ./node_modules/bit-docs/lib/configure/node_modules/bit-docs-generate-html/site/{static,templates} && npm run clean-dest && npm run fido",
    "force-build": "bit-docs -fd",
    "postinstall": "npm run generate"
  },
```

- `npm run generate`: Command for the build tool to generate documentation.
- `npm run clean-dest`: Completely removes the `dest` directory and contents.
- `npm run cache-bust`: Removes cache files generated by the build tool, which can be useful when hacking on templates or styles for the generated Live Style Guide website itself.
- `npm run force-build`: Reinstalls all build tool plugins.

